capital=375
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}


oob = "KFC_2021"


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = autocratic
	last_election = "2020.11.7"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	autocratic = 73
	republican = 0
	democrat = 0
	authoritarian_left = 5
	libertarian_right = 22
	libertarian_left = 0
}
add_ideas = {
	International_Vaccines
	KFC_colonels_rule
	KFC_divided_resistance

	#laws
	extensive_conscription
	war_economy
	closed_economy
}

### Country Leaders ###
recruit_character = KFC_the_mad_colonel
recruit_character = KFC_matthew_heimbach
recruit_character = KFC_greg_fischer
recruit_character = KFC_matt_bevin

### Generals ###
recruit_character = KFC_nicholas_perry
recruit_character = KFC_monica_rothgery
recruit_character = KFC_dyke_shipp
recruit_character = KFC_cristi_lockett
recruit_character = KFC_Rob_Swain
recruit_character = KFC_Shannon_Hennessy
recruit_character = KFC_sabir_sami
recruit_character = KFC_Merc
recruit_character = KFC_Merc2
recruit_character = KFC_William_Ewing
recruit_character = KFC_Robert_Larkin
recruit_character = KFC_Brian_Wertzler
recruit_character = KFC_Dwight_Harlan
recruit_character = KFC_Jesse_Withers
recruit_character = KFC_Charles_Walker
#recruit_character = KFC_Arnold_Farr 