capital = 356

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1	
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1	 
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}

oob = "NRA_2021"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = autocratic
	last_election = "2020.11.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	autocratic = 42
	republican = 11
	democrat = 5
	authoritarian_left = 25
	libertarian_right = 10
	libertarian_left = 7
}

add_ideas = {
	International_Vaccines
	Company_Control
	Class_Conflict
}

### Country Leaders ###
recruit_character = NRA_board_of_directors
recruit_character = NRA_randy_smith
recruit_character = NRA_tucker_carlson

### Generals ###
recruit_character = NRA_william_crane
recruit_character = NRA_martin_timko
recruit_character = NRA_bryan_preece
recruit_character = NRA_david_stetson
recruit_character = NRA_Ri_Pyong_Chol
recruit_character = NRA_Andrei_Dmitriev
recruit_character = NRA_Caleb_Maupin
recruit_character = Michael_Koth
recruit_character = NRA_Diego_Fusaro
recruit_character = NRA_Fox_Green
recruit_character = NRA_Sameera_Khan
recruit_character = NRA_Steve_Cortes
recruit_character = NRA_Darrold_Peters

### advisors ###

recruit_character = NRA_Aleksander_Dugin
recruit_character = PA_Caleb_Maupin
recruit_character = PA_Michael_Koth
recruit_character = NRA_Patrick_Forkin
recruit_character = NRA_Jamie_Frankcombe
recruit_character = NRA_Marc_Hathhorn
recruit_character = NRA_Scott_Jarboe
recruit_character = NRA_Malcolm_Roberts
recruit_character = NRA_Mark_Spurbeck
recruit_character = NRA_Darren_Yeates










