capital = 143

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = libertarian_right
	last_election = "2020.11.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

oob = "TEX_2021"

set_popularities = {
	autocratic = 2
	republican = 19
	democrat = 17
	authoritarian_left = 4
	libertarian_right = 58
	libertarian_left = 0
}

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = resource_import_cost }

set_variable = { resource_import_political_power_cost = 0 }
set_variable = { resource_import_consumer_goods_factor = 0 }

add_ideas = {
	International_Vaccines
	TEX_great_frost_1
}

### Country Leaders ###
recruit_character = TEX_ted_cruz
recruit_character = TEX_regency_council
recruit_character = TEX_dan_patrick
recruit_character = TEX_beto_orourke
recruit_character = TEX_daniel_miller

### Political Advisors ###
recruit_character = TEX_eduard_habsburg
recruit_character = TEX_dick_cheney
recruit_character = TEX_kyle_biedermann
recruit_character = TEX_jeff_miller
recruit_character = TEX_neil_bush
recruit_character = TEX_dan_crenshaw
recruit_character = TEX_meghan_markel

### Generals ###
recruit_character = TEX_john_murray
recruit_character = TEX_paul_funk_II
recruit_character = TEX_john_nichols
recruit_character = TEX_tracy_norris
recruit_character = TEX_robert_bodisch
recruit_character = TEX_charles_aris
recruit_character = TEX_larita_a_aragon
recruit_character = TEX_annmarie_k_anthony

### Admirals ###
recruit_character = TEX_christopher_colvin
