capital = 409
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	 
	 
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

oob = "PUE_2021"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democrat
	last_election = "2020.11.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	autocratic = 0
	republican = 0
	democrat = 100
	authoritarian_left = 0
	libertarian_right = 0
	libertarian_left = 0
}

### Country Leaders ###
recruit_character = PUE_general_assembly_of_the_un

### Political Advisors ###
recruit_character = PUE_antonio_guterres
recruit_character = PUE_amina_j_mohammed
recruit_character = PUE_abdulla_shahid
recruit_character = PUE_collen_vixen_kelapile
recruit_character = PUE_linda_thomas_greenfield
recruit_character = PUE_pedro_pierluisi
recruit_character = PUE_ruben_angel_berrios_martinez
recruit_character = PUE_jose_luis_dalmau
recruit_character = PUE_thomas_rivera_schatz
recruit_character = PUE_maria_de_lourdes_santiago_negron
recruit_character = PUE_ana_irma_rivera_lassen
recruit_character = PUE_vargas_vidot
recruit_character = PUE_javier_aponte_dalmau
recruit_character = PUE_marially_gonzalez_huertas
recruit_character = PUE_jennifer_gonzalez_colon
recruit_character = PUE_rafael_cox_alomar
recruit_character = PUE_zoraida_buxo_santiago
recruit_character = PUE_ricardo_rossello
recruit_character = PUE_carmen_yulin_cruz
recruit_character = PUE_maite_oronoz_rodriguez
recruit_character = PUE_wanda_vazquez
recruit_character = PUE_melinda_romero_donnelly
recruit_character = PUE_charlie_rodriguez
recruit_character = PUE_zaida_r_hernandez_torres
recruit_character = PUE_oscar_lopez_rivera
recruit_character = PUE_manuel_natal_albelo
recruit_character = PUE_maurizio_massari
recruit_character = PUE_dame_barbara_woodward
recruit_character = PUE_nicolas_de_riviere
recruit_character = PUE_zhang_jun
recruit_character = PUE_vasily_nebenzya

### Military Staff ###
recruit_character = PUE_tim_radford
recruit_character = PUE_yevgeny_zinichev
recruit_character = PUE_claudio_graziano
recruit_character = PUE_liu_yuan
recruit_character = PUE_jean_philippe_millet
recruit_character = PUE_jose_j_reyes
recruit_character = PUE_antonio_vincens
recruit_character = PUE_travis_k_acheson
recruit_character = PUE_mario_ibarra
recruit_character = PUE_stuart_mayer
recruit_character = PUE_luis_carrilho
recruit_character = PUE_ingrid_gjerde
recruit_character = PUE_zhang_ying
recruit_character = PUE_stefano_del_col
recruit_character = PUE_sauhy_zaway_uba
recruit_character = PUE_balvinder_jammu
recruit_character = PUE_isabelo_rivera
recruit_character = PUE_david_carrion_baralt
recruit_character = PUE_emilio_diaz_colon
recruit_character = PUE_marta_carcana
recruit_character = PUE_wayne_a_zimmet

### Generals ###
recruit_character = PUE_shanker_menon
recruit_character = PUE_birame_diop
recruit_character = PUE_abdul_monir
recruit_character = PUE_sangya_malla
recruit_character = PUE_santosh_banerjee
recruit_character = PUE_annah_chota
recruit_character = PUE_li_chang
recruit_character = PUE_braga_oliveira
recruit_character = PUE_frederic_edel
recruit_character = PUE_doreen_malambo
recruit_character = PUE_gabriel_lopez
recruit_character = PUE_do_thi_hang_nga
recruit_character = PUE_keito_afumba
recruit_character = PUE_bolin_cao
recruit_character = PUE_seitebatso_pearl_block
recruit_character = PUE_natalia_gallardo
recruit_character = PUE_charles_adams
recruit_character = PUE_mateo_garcia
recruit_character = PUE_tristan_rodriguez
recruit_character = PUE_hanna_svensson
recruit_character = PUE_aaliyah_biswas
recruit_character = PUE_derrick_mbuyiselo_mgwebi
recruit_character = PUE_balla_keita
recruit_character = PUE_abu_syed_mohammod_bakir
recruit_character = PUE_edjeani_afenu
recruit_character = PUE_gadi_eisenkot

add_ideas = {
	PUE_un_mandate
	free_trade
}

country_event = {
    id = United_Nations.1
    days = 7
}
add_manpower = 10000000